So now what we'll do is we'll go through
and we'll generate our login component.
So back in my terminal window here,
I'll make use of that NG generate
and I'll give component components/login.
Then I'll just move over here to this source directory
just to verify that these new files were created
so components, and then we have this new login component.
And what we'll do
is we'll start with this login.component.html.
And so basically in this file here I'm going to clear this out
and I'll set up a div container
for the Okta Sign-In widget.
So I'll save this one div here
and I'll have Okta Sign-In widget.
And then what I'll do is I'll move over and open up
the login.component.tsfile
so I can start adding some TypeScript code.
So one thing I need to do up top is to an import on that
myApp Config that I created a little bit earlier.
So I'll have this import myApp Config from
and then use the relative directories here ../..
to kind of go up to directories
over to config/my-app-config.
And then I'll set up a reference to Okta Sign-In.
And in my constructor here I'm going to inject
the Okta Auth service
and then I'll fix the imports.
And what I'll do is I'll create a new Okta Sign-In
entity here and I'll pass on some parameters to it
and we'll have to make a reference here
for this Okta sign in up top,
so I'll do an import
* as Okta sign in
and then you have from Okta/Okta-signin-widget.
So that'll give me access to the entities there
in that module.
All right, so that should take care of that
issue we had earlier so now we have Okta sign in
and so I'll give our parameter here for the logo.
So this is assets/images/logo.png
so that's our love to shop logo,
it could be any logo that you want to provide.
For the base URL,
I'll make use of myApp config oidc,
the issuer.split
/oauth, so basically here, I'm just saying,
"Hey, give me everything in the URL before oauth2."
Then for the client ID,
I simply just use the client ID as is,
so myAppConfig.oidc.clientID.
Oh yeah, I need to fix and typo up here,
I need to put all this inside of a curly brace
'cause this is on JSON
so, make sure you have an open curly up top
and then another close curly.
And I'm just going to put this on that line here, okay, good.
Then we have the redirect URI.
So this is basically the call back and we can simply use
what we have from our configuration.
So oidc.redirectUri so a lot of this stuff is similar
to the configs that we set up earlier.
Now we'll specify some auth params.
So I'll make use of the PKCE, set that to true,
then for issuer, again, we just get a reference here
from our config.issuer
and also the scopes and again,
simply grab that information from our config.
All right, so that's the basic setup here
that we need to create as we initialize
this Okta Sign-In widget.
Now the one thing here, the PKCE,
remember that's the proof key for code exchange.
We saw that in some of your earlier slides
basically saying here, we're going to make use
of dynamic secrets for passing the information
between our app and the authorization server
and that's the recommended approach
for integrating our application
with the Okta authorization server.
Okay, good job.